-41-

“© * if the Article 2.6.6{a) of Chapter 2 of the Agreement ts being used ar * ** ” if the Article 2,6.6(b) of Chapter 2 of
the Agreement Is being used, For example: Australia * or Indonesia **.

FOB VALUE: The FOS value in Box 12 only needs to be provided when the Regional Value Content criterion is
applied in determining the originating status of goods.

INVOICES: Indicate the invoice number and date In Box 13, If multiple invoices are used, indicate the involoc
nuinber and date for each item. The invoice is the one issued for the importation of the good into the importing

In cases where invoices used for the importation are nol issued by the exporter or producer, in accordarice .

Party.
with Article 3,20 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement, the “Third-party invaicing" box in Bax 17 should be ticked (M1).
and the name and country of the company issuing the invoice should be provided in Box t4,

. BACK-TO-BACK CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN: [n the cast of a back-to back Certificate of Origin issued in

accordance with Article 3,19 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement, the “Back-to-back Certificate of Origin” bax in Bax 17
should be ticked ([)), and the original Proof of Origin reference number, date of issuance, Issuing country, RCEP
country of origin of the first exporting Party, and, if applicable, approved exparter authorisation code of the first
exporting Party should be indicated In Box 14.

ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: Where a Certificate of Origin Is Issued retrospectively In accordance with paragraph 8
Or Article 3.17 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement, the “ISSUED RETROACTIVELY” box in Box 17 should be ticked (7).
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY: Where a certified true copy of the original Certificate of Origin fs issued in accordance
with paragraph 9 of Article 3.17 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement, the words “CERTIFIED TRUE COPY and the date
of issuance of the certified true copy should be indicated in Box 14.
FOR OFFICIAL USE: The customs authority of the tmporting Party may indieate (1) in the relevant box in Box 5
in accordance with their domestic laws and regulations.
REMARKS: Box 14 shouk! only be filled out when necessary and contain information including as specified in
Paragraphs 10, 11, and 13 of the Overleaf Notes,

2022, No.1332

www.peraturan.go.id
