2022, No.1332 -40-

OVERLEAF NOTES

1. CONDITIONS: To be eligible for the preferential tariif treatment under the Regional Comprehensive Economic ~

Partnership Agreement (the Agreement), goods should:

a. fall within a description of goods eligible for concessions in the importing Party; and

b. comply with all relevant provisions of Chapter 3 (Rules of Origin) and if applicable, Article 2.6 (Tariff
Differentiats) of Chapter 2 of the Agreetnent..

2, EXPORTER AND CONSIGNEE/IMMPORTER: Provide details af the exporter of the goods (including name, address
and country) and consignee/importer (including name, address. and country] in Box 1 and Bax 2, respectively.

3. PRODUCER: Provide the details of the producer of the goods {including name, address and country) in Box 3. if
known, In case of multiple producers, indicate “SEE BOX &" in Box 3 and provide the details in Box 8 for each
item. If the producer wishes the information to be confidential, It is acceptable to state "CONFIDENTIAL", however,
the producer information may be avatlable to the competent authority or authorised body upon request. In case
the details af the producer are unkriowm, it is acceptable to state “NOT AVATLABLE™.

4. DESCRIPTION OF GOODS; The description af each good in Box 8 should be sufficiently detailed to enable the
products to be identified by the customs officer examining thern.

5. Harmonized COMMODITY DESCRIPTION AND CODING SYSTEM (HS): ‘The HS should be at the 6-cigit level of
the exported product and based on the transposed Product-Specific Rules as adopted by the RCEP Jalnt
‘Committee in accordance with Article 3,34 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement.

6. ORIGIN CONFERRING CRITERIA: For the goods that meet the origin conferring crilerta, the exporter should

indicate in Box 10 of this Form. the conferring criteria met, in Uue manner stiown in the following table:

(a) onda wily cated er prudunnd cuted Aatiie 3S ef Chapter 3a tim
produced exclusively fram originating materials satislying Article 3.2(b) —
Cfohaer 3 of the Agreement

© Goods produced using non-originaling materials provided tnat the Goo ith
satisfy the Product-Specific Rules which was transposed in accordance with
Article 3.24 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement:

+ Change in Tariff Classification
- Regional Value Content
. Chemical Reaction

{d) Goods comply with Article 3.4 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement acu
{) Goods comply with Article 3.7 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement pM

7. EACH GOOD CLAIMING PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT QUALIFIES IN ITS OWN RIGHT: It should be
cee rout Gas ynods ura eataigianent qualities separately in Guar own right

8 RCEP COUNTRY OF ORIGIN: The RCEP country of origin shoukd be indicated separately for each good in the
manner shown in the following table:

a re
Peep ad conrad gait al pede waren teri Indicate the naune of the
the additional requirement specified in the Appendix to Annex I ic. a
Domestic Value Audition of 20% (DV20}.

) Goods that are not t (he Appendix to Annex 3 of the Importing Party,
are produced exclusively from originating materials in accordance with
Article 3.2(b) of Chapter 3 of the Agreement but are not processed
beyond mintmal operations set out in Article 2.6.5 of Chapter 2 of the

greement in the exportin ’

IN ALL OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES, including

«) Goods are in Appendix to Annex | of the Importing Party and meet the
additional requirement specified in Appendix to Annex f 1c, a Domestic
Value Addition of 20% (DV20),

©) Goods are wholly obtained or produced in accardance with Article 3.2fa)
of Chapter 3 of the Agreement

fo) Goods that are not in the Apperudix to Annex I of the Importing Party
and satisfy the Product-Specific Rules, which was transposed in
mecordance with Article 3.34 of Chapter 3 of the Agreement, in
accordance with Article 3.2(c} of Chapter 3 of the

o Goods that are not in the Appendix to Annex } of the importing Par'y.

are produced exclusively from arlginating materials in accordance with

Article 3.2(0) and are processed beyond minimal operations set out in

production of that good in the

exporting Party in accordance
with Article 2.6.4,

Notes: Notwithstanding the above, under paragraph 6 of Article 2.6 of Chapter 2 of the Agreement the importer Is
allowed to make a claim for preferential tariff treatment at either:
- the highest rate of customs duty the importing Party applics to the same originating Bod ie
the Parties contributing originating materials used in the production of such good, (Article 2.6.6la)), or
- the highest rate of customs duty that the tmporting Party applies to the same originating good from any
of the Parties {Article 2.6.6(b}).
When the RCEP country of origin cannot be ascertained, based on the information provided by the
expocter/peoducer and importer, indicate the name of the Party with the highest rate of customs duty followed by

www.peraturan.go.id
