-53-

1. Japan uses this form for the purpose of proferertal tariff treatment under the Agreement on Comprehensive
Fe ne a ie eT, EEN ee Ne oe:

2. CONDITIONS: To enjoy preferential taritt treatment under the AJCEP Agreement, goods exported to any Party af the
AJCEP Agreement should:

i) tall within a descrintion ot goods eligible for concessions in the mporting Party:

Ul] comply with the consignment conditions in accordance with Aricie 31 of Chagter 3; and

ry comply with the preference criteria provided for in Chapter 3 of the AJCEP Agreemert.

3. PREFERENCE CRITERIA: For goods that meet the preference crtena, the exporter or its authorised agent should
indicate in Dox 6 of this form, the preference crtera met, in the manner shown in the foBowing table:

Circurstances of production or manufacture in the country named inbox | Insert inbox 6
10 of this form

(9) Goes satsiogsbpargraph Ca Ate BtoGwews PE
“eee ees wr
{c) Goods satistying paragraph 1 of Article 26 at Chapter 3

(@) Should goods comply wath Article 28 of Chapter 3 ‘our

2021, No.720

(@) Goods satisfying paragraph 2 of Article 26 of Chapter 3

= Change in Tarif! Ciassification “cre

- Regional Value Content AVC"

-  Spacitic Processes “PF
Po
wo
wr

(1 Should goods comply with Article 29 of Chapter 3

4, EACH ITEM SHOULD QUALIFY: Af items in a consignment should quality separately in their own night. Ths is of
partioular relevance when similar items of different sizes are exported.

5, DESCRIPTION OF GOODS: adroit Mache pains as tae aprile eae anced baer ed pe
Indicated at the six-digit level. La pleg pescinleg lees dtarregcchabs yt giva mere dowkerry
the description on the invoke and. it possible, to the deecstlon under te HS for bw ood. WW teopect to
subheading 2206.90 and $404,990, in an exceptional case where the good is a specitic product requiring a special
Gescription (@.9. “sake compound and cooking sake (Mirin) of subheading 2206.90", “beverages with a basts of fruit,
of an alconolic strength by volume of less than 1% of subheading 2206.90" “quilts and eiderdowns of 9404.90"), such
Gescription of specific products should be indicated.

6. INVOICES: Indicate the invoice number and date tor each item. The invoice shoukl be the one Issued for the

7. THIRD COUNTRY INVOICING: In cases where invoices are issued by a third country, in accordance with Rule 3 (d)
of Implementing Regulations. the “Third Country Invoicing” box in box 9 should be ticked (¥) and the number of
invoice issued for the importation of goods into the Importing Party should be indicated in box 6, identifying in bax 9
the ful legal name and address at the company or person that issued the invoice.

In an exceptional case where the invoice issued in a third country is mot available at the time of issuance of the
certificate of origin, the invoice number and the date of the iwoice issued by the exporter to wham the certificate of
origin is issued should be indicated in box 8. The “Third Country Invoicing” bax in box 9 should be ticked (¥), and it
should be indicated in box 9 that the goods will be subject to another invoice to be issued in a third country for the
importation ino the imparting Party, kentitying in box 9 the full legal nae and address of the company or person
that will issue anather invoice in the third country. In such case, the customs authority of the importing Party may
fequire the importer to provide the invoices and any other relevart documents which confirm the transaction from the
exporting Party to the importing Party, wath regard to the goods declared for import,

8. ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In cases of COs issued retroactively in accordance with Rule 7 of the Implementing
Roguations, the “Issued Retroactively” box in box $ should be ticked (¥),

www.peraturan.go.id
