-51-

NOTES:
1, The folkmming countries shall use this form for the purpose of preferential tari treatment under the Agreement on
Economic among Member States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Japan
Agreement) -
BRUNE! DARUSSALAM CAMBODIA INDONESIA, Laos MALAYSIA
MYANMAR PHILIPPINES SINGAPORE THAILAND VIETNAM

2. CONDITIONS: To enjoy preferential tariff treatment under the AJCEP Agreement, goods exported to any of the Parties to
the AJCEP shoukt:

® fel etn a teenieion ol gncce alge be emmcmesiors fs te png Party:

i) comply with the consignment conditions in accordance with Article 31 of the AJCEP Agmement: and

ti comply with the origin criteria in Chapter 3 of the AICEP Agreement.

3. ORIGIN CRITERIA: For goods that meet the cheria, the exporter should indicate in box 8 of this Form, the origin
criteria mat, in the manner shown in the folowing

(Croumstanc production or manufacture in the country named in box 11 of
thie form:

(a) Goods satistying subparagraph (c} of Aricke 24 of the AICEP Agreement

(>) Wholy obtained goods satisfying Article 25 of the AJCEP Agreement

(@) Goods satistying paragraph 2 of Article 26 of the AJCEP Agreement
- Change in Tarill Classification

Regional Value Content
‘Spoctic Processes

(e) Goods which comply wih Article 28 of the AJCEP Agreement
(f) Goods which comely with Article 29 of the AJCEP Agreement

4. EACH ITEM SHOULD QUALIFY: Al items in a consignment should qualify separataly in their own right. This i of particular
relevance when simiar hams of diterent sizes are exported.

5. DESCRIPTION OF GOODS: For each good, hygror ie myn eee eect ty Sa en 1) Abel Sart tterierrisfo

pessinia,

pigeipedonact fangege dey dope paphpenal idtadlpelglad coapeiercoprad cag “sake compound and
cooking sake (Mirin) of subheading 2208.90", "peverngue with a besie of rut of an slcohole: strengh

1% of subheading 2208.9" “quilts and siderdowns of 9404.90"), such description at specific products should be indicated.

6, INVOICES: Indicate the invoice number and date tor each item, The invoice should be the one issued for the importation of
the good into the imparting Party.

7, THIRD COUNTRY INVOICING: In cases where invoices are msued by a third country, in accordance with Rule 3 {d) ot

the “Third Country Invoicing” box in box 13 should be ticked (\), The number of invoices issued

Implementing Regulations.
for the importation of goods into the importing Party should be indicated in box 10, and the full legal name and address of
the company or person that issued the invoices be indicated in box 7.

nan exceptional case where the livoice issued in a thied country & not available at the time of Ksuance of the centicate of
origin, the invoice number and the date of the invoice issued by the exporter to whom the certificate of origin is issued should
be indicated in box 10. The “Third Country Invoicing” in box 13 should be ticked. and it should be indicated in box 7 that the
goods will be subject to another invoice to be issued in a third country for the importation imo the importing Party, idantitying
in bax 7 the full legal name and address af the company or person that wil izsue another iwvoice in the third country. In such
pera donparreapet eps palesabe sey at als bins heat ha eat ard gare og other relevant
soaren em cortiem the transaction from the exporting Party to the importing Party, wth regard to the goods declared
import,

8, BACK-TO-BACK CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN: In the case of a back-to-back CO issued in accordance with paragraph 4 at
Rule 3 of the Operational Certification Procedures. the “Back-to-Back CO" bax in bax 13 should be ticked (\).

9. ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In cases of a CO issued retroactively in accordance with Rule 7 of the implementing
Regulations, the “Issued Retroactively” box in bax 13 should be ticked ().

10, CERTIFIED TRUE COPY: In cases of cartified true copies, the words “CERTIFIED TRUE COPY" should be indicated in box
12 in accordance with Rule 5 of the Implementing Reguations.

2021, No.720

www.peraturan.go.id
