135- 2019, No. 842

OVERLEAF NOTES

Box 1: State the full legal name, address (including ccuntry) of the exporter.
Box 2; State the full legal name, address (including country) of the consignee.
Box 3: State the full legal name, address (incliding country) of the producer. If more than one
producer of product is included in the certificate, list the additional producers, including
name, address (including country). If the exporter or the producer wishes the
information to be confidential, it is acceptable to state “Available to Customs upon
request”. If the producer and the exporter are the same, complete field with “SAME”
Box 4: Complete the means of transport and route and specify the departure date, transport
vehicle No., port of loading and discharge.
Box 5: The Customs Authority of Indonesia must indicate in the relevant boxes whether or not
tariffs elimination treatment is accorded.
Box 6: State the item number
Box 7: Provide a full description of each product. The description should be sufficiently
detailed to enable the products to be identified by the Customs Officers examining
them and relate it to the invoice description and to the HS description of the product.
Shipping Marks and numbers on the packages, number and kind of nackage shall also
be specified. For each product, identify the correct HS tariff classification, using the
HS tariff classification of the exporting country
Box 8: For exports from Palestine to Indonesia to be eligible for tariffs elimination treatment,
the origin criteria must be indicated in Box 8, in the manners shown in the following
table:
Circumstances of production or manufacture in the
first country named in Box 12 of this form

‘(a) The products wholly obtained in Palestine as
cefined in Rule 3 of the Rules of Origin |

Insert in Box 8

“wo"
Percentage of Palestine

(b) Products satisfied with rule 4 (a) (i) | chk eanece. |

'(C) Products satisfied with rule 4 (a) (ii) ~ | "CTH"
(d) Products satisfied with rule 5 (Product Specific’ ‘ i
Rules) ii

Box 9: Gross weight in Kilos should be shown here. Other units of measurement e.g. volume
or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when
customary; the Ex-Works Price value shall be tha invoiced value declared by exporter
to the Competent Governmental Authority if use value added criteria

Box 10: Invoice number and date of invoices shall be snown here.

Box 11: Issued retrospectively, Customer's Order Number, Letter of Credit Number, and etc
may be included if required.

Box 12: The field must be completed. signed and dated by the: exporter. insert the place, date
of signature.

Box 13: The field must be completed, signed, dated and stamped by the authorized person of
the certifying authority

www.peraturan.go.id
