2019, No. 842

10.
11.

12.

13.

-100-
OVERLEAF NOTES|
Countries which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatme: yreement Establishing the ASEAN-Australia-
New Zealand Free Trade Area (the Agreement):
Australia Brunei Darussalam Cambodia Indonesia Lao PDR Malaysia
Myanmar New Zealand Philippines Singapore Thailand Viet Nam

(herein after individually referred to as a Party)

CONDITIONS: To be eligible for the preferential treatment under the AANZFTA, goods must:
a. Fall within a description of products eligible for concessions in the importing Party;
b. Comply with all relevant provisions of Chapter 3 (Rules of Origin) of the Agreement.

EXPORTER AND CONSIGNEE: Details of the exporter of the goods (including name, address and country) and consignee (name
and address) must be provided in Box 1 and Box 2, respectively.

DESCRIPTION OF GOODS: The description of each good in Box7 must include the Harmonized Commodity Description and
Coding System (HS) subheading at the 6-digit level of the exported product, and if applicable, product name and brand name. This
information should be sufficiently detailed to enable the products to be identified by the customs officer examining them.

ORIGIN CRITERIA: For the goods that meet the origin criteria, the exporter should indicate in Box8of this Form, the origin criteria
met, in the manner shown in the following table:

Circumstances of production or manufacture in the country named in Box11of this form: Insert in Box8
(a) Goods wholly produced or obtained satisfying Article 2.1(a) of Chapter 3 of the Agreement wo
(b) Goods produced entirely satisfying Article 2.1(c) of Chapter 3 of the Agreement PE

(c) Not wholly produced or obtained in a Party, provided that the goods satisfy Article 4of
Chapter 3 of the Agreement as amended by the First Protocol i.e., if the good is specified in
Annex 2, all the product specific requirements listed have been met:

- Change in Tariff Classification cTc

- Regional Value Content Rvc .
- Regional Value Content + Change in Tariff Classification “eg. CTSH © RVC 35%
- Other, including a Specific Manufacturing or Processing Operation er

EACH GOOD CLAIMING PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT MUST QUALIFY IN ITS OWN RIGHT: It should be noted that
all the goods in a consignment must qualify separately in their own right. This is of particular relevance when similar articles of
different sizes or spare parts are exported.

FOB VALUE: For Consignments to all Parties where the origin criteria includes a Regional Value Content requirement:

« An exporter from an ASEAN Member State must provide in Box 9 the FOB value of the goods
« An exporter from Australia or New Zealand can complete either Box 9 or provide a separate “Exporter Declaration” stating the
FOB value of the goods.

The FOB value is not required for consignments where the origin criteria does not include a Regional Value Content requirement.
In the case of goods exported from and imported by Cambodia and Myanmar, the FOB value shall be included in the Certificate of
Origin or the back-to-back Certificate of Origin for all goods, irrespective of the origin criteria used, for two (2) years from the date

of entry into force of the First Protocol or an earlier date as endorsed by the Committee on Trade in Goods.

INVOICES: Indicate the invoice number and date for each item. The invoice should be the one issued for the importation of the
good into the importing Party.

SUBJECT OF THIRD PARTY INVOICE: In cases where invoices used for the importation are issued in a third country, in
accordance with Rule 22 of the Operational Certification Procedures, the “SUBJECT OF THIRD-PARTY INVOICE” box in Box
13should be ticked (“)and the name of the company issuing the invoice should be provided in Box 7or, if there is insufficient
space, on a continuation sheet. The number of the invoices issued by the manufacturers or the exporters and the number of the
invoices issued by the trader (if known) for the importation of goods into the importing Party should be indicated in Box 10.

BACK-TO-BACK CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN: In the case of a back-to-back certificate of origin issued in accordance with
paragraph 3 of Rule 10 of the Operational Certification Procedures, the back-to-back certificate of origin in Box 13should be ticked
“).

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY: In case of a certified true copy, the words “CERTIFIED TRUE COPY" should be written or stamped on
Box 12of the Certificate with the date of issuance of the copy in accordance with Rule 11 of the Operational Certification
Procedures.

FOR OFFICIAL USE: The Customs Authority of the Importing Party must indicate (»’) in the relevant boxes in Box4 whether or not
preferential tariff treatment is accorded.

BOX 13:The items in Box 13 should be ticked (), as appropriate,in those cases where such items are relevant to the goods
covered by the Certificate.

www.peraturan.go.id
