-109- 2019, No. 842

} State the full legal name, address (including country) of the exporter.
: State the full legal name, address (including country) of the consignee.
“ Sucks ton Wak Sah iste mits thats talocnyy oF Gn protests: AF eben Wah en postiaam good
included in the certificate, list the additional producers, including name, eddress
caer Gr tx Gendaie hia ir Maalce to Va clade O acceptable to state “Available to
Customs upon request”. sors pear prema ag asim egudeanasmed teed
- pester i a nl a i: a departure date, transport vehicle No., port of
: Th Cut Ary he iparing Paty ms mtn relevant boxes whet eee
treatment
: State the item number
: Provide a full description of each good. The description should be sufficiently detailed to enable the products
to be identified by the Customs Officers examining them and relate it to the invoice description and to the
HS description of the good. Shipping Marks and numbers on the packages, number and kind of package shall
also be specified. For each good, identify the correct HS tariff classification, using the HS tariff classification
of the country into whose territory the goods are
: For exports from one Party to the other Party to be eligible for preferential treatment, the requirement is that:
i, The products wholly obtained in the exporting Party as defined in Rule 3 of the Rules of Origin;
pablo eg ch oe gp arkutbne ar pantort sanersulolbay apmrcarep awn <fereapeinpieastidh yond
Rules of Origin, products worked on and processed as a result of which the total value of 60%
originating from non- party or of undetermined origin used does not exceed 60 % of the FOB value of
re Rens om one
of the exporting Party;
|. Products which comply with origin requirements provided for in Rule 5 of the Rules of Origin and
which are used in o Party as inputs for « finished product eligible for preferential treatment shall be
considered as a product originating in the Party where working or processing of the finished product has
taken place provided that the aggregate PTA content of the final product is not less than 40%, or
iv, Products that satisfy the Product Specific Rules provided for in Attachment B of the Rules of Origin
shall be considered as goods to which sufficient transformation has been carried out in a Party.
If the goods qualify under the above criteria, the exporter must indicate in Field 8 of this form the origin
peony yt re Rolie an al as Aha enti t a aid

ircumstances of production or manufacture in the first country
Field 12 of this form

Box 9: Gross weight in Kilos should be shown here, Other units of measurement ¢.g. volume or number of items
which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary; the FOB value shall be the invoiced
value declared by exporter to the issuing authority.

Box 10; Invoice number and date of invoices should be shown here.

Box 11: Issued retrospectively, Customer's Order Number, Letter of Credit Number, etc, may be inctuded, if

Box 12; The field must be completed, signed and dated by the exporter. Insert the place and date of signature.
Box 13: The field must be completed, signed, dated and stamped by the authorized person of the certifying authority,

www.peraturan.go.id
