73. 2019, No. 842

Partes which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatment under the Agreement between the Republic
of indonesia and Japan for an Economic Partnership (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement”) are indonesia and
Japan.

STE a inincetes tt vetsiai wits bs Dgeamait a ek tn ques eget © Wieresta et degen

i rey ane a he Rqurenies sa cur freiwence onens: and
Cs wah the consigrrnent ortena of Article 33.

Preference onteria:
A The good is wholly obtained or produced entirety in the Party, as defined in paragraph 2 of Aride 29.
B The goods produced entirely in the Party exctusively from ongnatng materials of the Party.
Cc The ‘Satsfies the product speoffic rules n Annex 2 2s weil as al other applicable requrements of Chapter

ee eee

tanff reatmert, ful
of claiming preferential the document shauid be completed adn pn en

o's alan wo eos mins
than Engish or ‘ster the issuance.

If the space of this document is insufficient to specify the Fey ere eee aig ose sy

pp an te es aaaiet

competent governmental

Fiekd 1: State the fill name, address and country of the exporter.

Fieki 2 pomer pephnibuncee Theron peer ne subparagraph Arte 28, importer”
MRGNS & Person who inports 3 good into dn ay tly near pen oth hag EBay

Field 3: Provide the name of loading port Tanst port and discharging port and, the name of vessel / flight number, as far as

Fieid4: Provide item number (as necessary). numbers of packages, number and kind of packages. HS tat
Pree nd widen henry igh 2002 and description of each good consigned

For each good the HS tarff classifaston number should be indicated at the six<diigt level

peep pas gpd ed phe eest fa, dein be substantially identical to the description on the invoice
Wah epadt in metening 250820, 2208.90, 480120 and 4801.91, in an exceptional case where the sa
speatic product @ speasl desoripgon (eg mstant cury ait inane aan deseo speartic

With each of 50 haadengterler Inmedenoen wrod herctene non-Paries which
seme goed Seo trough Ay bo

are member counties of the conducted in such
names of such Party or non-Partes should indiceled (W such raterils were used inte producion of fhe good).

Field 5: For each through C under Preference Criteria above) is applicable. The
nées of Ssesabeth Gent odie .

Note: In order to be ertitied to preferential tart treatment, each good of a Party should meet at least one of the otters
gen.

Indicate “ACL for acoumnulation. "DIMI" for de minimis and “FGA for fungible goods or materials. f applicable.
Field 6: For each good, indoate the quantty or weight.

www.peraturan.go.id
