47. 2022, No.536

Box: State the fll iegal mame, address (including country} of the exporter,

Box 2: State the full egal name, address (including country} of the consignee.

Box 3° State the full lagal name. adores (Inching country) of the producer. ff more than one producer's good ts included in the
certificate, list the additional producers, including name, address Country) if the exporter or the producer weshes
the miormaion to be confidential, @ ts acceptable to state “Available upon request’ if the producer and the
exporter are te same, complete box with “SAME

Box 4 Complete te means of transport and roula and specty the departwe date, transport vetecle No port of loading and

dscharge

Box 5S. The Customs Authonty of the imporing Party must incicate in the relevant boxes whether or not preferential Weatment ts
accorded. For muttpie items Geciared i the same Form IM. ¢ preferential treatment Is not granted to any of the items, this
(5 atso to be indicated accoedingty in Box 5

Box 6 State the item number

Box? Frovide a full Gescniption of each good The description should be suMcently detaled to enable the products to be
identified by the Customs Officers examining them and relate Hl to the invoice description and to the HS descrgton of the
00d. Shipping fdarks and mambers on the packages, number and lund of package shail also be specified For each good,
idermty the comrect HS tant? classification, using the HS tare? classification of the country into whose termory he good S

wmported |
Box 8 For exports trom one Party fo the other Party to be eligbie for preferential treatment the exporter must indicate in Box 8 of
is form the orgie critana on the basts of which he claims that his goods qualty tor preferential treatment, m the manner

‘11 of thes form
ti

“PSR (The acwal CTC nie.
example “CC* or "CTH" or “CTSH")

“PSR (The actual Percemage of

Box ® «Gross wegtt in Kiloy should be shown here Other units of measuement e.g. volume or number of tems which would
indicate exact quantiies may be used when customary, the FOB value shail be the invoiced value deciared by exporter to
me

‘esuINg authoety
Box 10. trvaice number and date of invoies should be shown here
Box 11: This box must be completed. signa and datec by the exporter, insert the place. date of signature
‘Box 12 This Dox must be completed. signed. dated and stamped by the authonzed person of the certifying autnonty In tha case of
a cectified trae copy, the word "CERTIFIED TRUE COPY” should be yattien of stamped on box 12 of the certihcate woth the
date of issuance of the copy accordance with Article 10 of Operational Certification Procedures.
Box 13: THIRD PARTY INVOICE: In the case whern invoices are sued Dy @ third party, te “third party invoice” box should be

www.peraturan.go.id
