-53- 2019, No.95

OVERLEAF NOTES
1. Parties which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatment under the ASEAN-CHINA Free Trade Area Profereniial Tarif:
BRUNE! DARUSSALAM CAMBODIA CHINA
INDONESIA laos MALAYSIA
MYANMAR: PHILIPPINES SINGAPORE
THAILAND. VIETNAM

2, CONDITIONS: The main conditions for admission to the preferential treatment under the ACFTA Preferential Teriff are that products
gent to any Parties listed above:

(must fall within @ description of products eligible for concessions in the country of destination;

(i) must comply with the consignment conditions that the products must be consigned directly from any ACFTA Party to the
importing Party but transpor that involves passing through one or more intermediate non-ACFTA Parties, is also accepted
Provided that any intermediate transit, transshipment or temporary storage arises only for geographic reascns or
transportation requirements; and

(ii) must comply with the origin criteria given in next paragraph.

3. ORIGIN CRITERIA: For exports to the above mentioned countries to be eligible for preferential treatment, the requirement is that
‘elther:

() The products wholly obtained in the exporting Party as defined in Rule 3 of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA;

(i) Subject to sub-paragraph () above, for the purpose of implementing the provisions of Rule 2 (b) of the Rulas of Origin for the
ACFTA, products worked on and processed as a rasull of which the total value of the materials, parts or produce originating
from non-ACFTA Parties or of undetermined origin used doos not excaed 60% of the FO3 value of the product produced or
‘obtained and the final process of the manufacture Is performed within territory of the exporting Party;

(ill) Products which comply with origin requirements provided for in Rule 2 of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA and which are
used in a Party as inputs fora finished product eligible for proforential treatment in another Party/Parties shall be considered
‘as a product originating in the Party where working or processing of the finished product has taken place provided that the
aggregate ACFTA content of the final product is not less than 40%; or

(wv) Products which satiaty the Product Spectfic Flules provided for in Attachment 8 of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA shall be
considered as products to which sufficient transformation has been carried out in a Pasty.

WW the products qualify under the above criteria, the exporter must indicate in Box 8 of this form the origin criteria on the basis of which
he claims that his products qualily for preferential treatmant, in the manner shown in the following table:

Circumstances of production or manufacture In the first country
famed in Box 11 of this form Insert in Box 6

(@) Products wholly produced in the country of exportation (see
paragraph 3 ()) above)

(b) Procucts worked upon but not wholly produced in the exporting
Party which were produced in conformity with the provisions of
paragraph 3 (i) above

“wo

Percentage of single country content,
example 40%

(©) Products worked upon but not wholly produced in the exporting
Party which were produced in conformity with the provisions of
paragraph 3 (ii) above

Percentage of ACFTA cumulative
content, example 40%

(d) Products satistied the Product Specific Rules (PSA) “PSR

4, EACH ARTICLE MUST QUALIFY: It should be noted that all the products in a consignment must qualily
‘This is of particular relevance when similar articles of different sizes or spare parts are sent.

5. DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCTS: ‘The description of products must be sufficiently detailed to enable the products to be identified by
the Customs Officers examining them. Name of manufacturer, any trade mark shall also be specified,
‘The Harmonised System number shall be that of the importing Party.

7. The term “Exporter” in Box 11 may include the manutacturer or the producer. In the case of MC the lerm “Exporter” also includes the
‘exporier in the intermediate Party.

8 FOR OFFICIAL USE: The Customs Authority of the Importing Party must indicate (¥) in the relevant boxes in column 4 whether or
not preferential treatment Is accorded.

9. Movement Cortticate: In casos of Movernent Certificate, in accordance with Rule 12 of the Ozerational Certification Procedures,
“Movement Cortficate” in Box 13 sould bo ticked (¥). The name of original Issuing Authorities of the Party date of the issuance
and the reference number of the eriginal Certificate of Origin (Form E) to be Indlealed In Box 13.

itely in their own right,

10. THIRD. PARTY INVOICING: In casos where invoices are issued by a thitd country, “the Third Party Invoicing” in Box 13 shall be
licked (V). The Invoice number shall be indicated In Box 10. Information such as name and country of the company issuing the
Invoice shall be Indicated in Box 7,

“11. EXHIBITIONS: In cases where products are’sent frori the exporting Party for exhibion in another Party and sold during or alter
the exhibition for importation into a Party, in accordance with Rule 22 of Atlachment A of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA, the
“Exhibitions” in Box 13 should be ticked (¥) and the namo and address of the exhibition indicated in Box 2.

12, ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In exceptional cases, cue to involuntary errors or omissions or other valid causes, the Certificate of
Origin (Form E) may be issued reiroaciively in accordance with Rule 11 of Attachment A of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA

‘The “Issued Retroactively” in Box 1shall be ticked (¥).

www.peraturan.go.id
