-123- 2019, No.95

OVERLEAF NOTES

Box I: State the full legal name, address (including country) of the exporter.

Box 2: State the full legal name, address (including country) of the consignee.

Box 3: State the full legal name, address (including country) of the producer. If more than one producer’s good is
included in the certificate, list the additional producers, including name, address (including country). If the
exporter or the producer wishes the information to be confidential, it is acceptable to state “Available to
Customs upon request”. If the producer and the exporter are the same, complete field with “SAME”,

Box 4; Complete the means of transport and route and specify the departure date, transport vehicle No., port of
foading and discharge.

Box 5: The Customs Authority of the importing Party must indicate in the relevant boxes whether or not preferential
treatment is accorded.

Box 6: State the item number

Box?: Provide a full description of each good. The description should be sufficiently detailed to enable the products
to be identified by the Customs Officers examining them and relate it to the invoice description and to the
HS description of the good. Shipping Marks and numbers on the packages, number and kind of package shall
also be specified. For each good, identify the correct HS tariff classification, using the HS tariff classification
of the country into whose territory the goods are imported.

Box 8: For exports from one Party to the other Party to be eligible for preferential treatment, the requirement is that:

i. The products wholly obtained in the exporting Party as defined in Rule 3 of the Rules of Origin;

ii, Subject to sub-paragraph (j) above, for the purpose of implementing the provisions of Rule 4 of the
Rules of Origin, products worked on and processed as a result of which the total value of 60%
originating from non- party or of undetermined origin used does not exceed 60 % of the FOB value of
the product produced or obtained and the final process of the manufacture is performed within territory
of the exporting Party;

iii. Products which comply with origin requirements provided for in Rule 5 of the Rules of Origin and
which are used in a Party as inputs for a finished product eligible for preferential treatment shall be
considered as a product originating in the Party where working or processing of the finished product has
taken place provided that the aggregate PTA content of the final product is not less than 40%; or

iv. Products that satisfy the Product Specific Rules provided for in Attachment B of the Rules of Origin
shall be considcred as goods to which sufficient transformation has been carried out in a Party.

If the goods qualify under the above criteria, the exporter must indicate in Field 8 of this form the origin

criteria on the basis of which he claims that his goods qualify for preferential treatment, in the manner

shown in the following table:

raph 8 (ii) above
(©) Products worked upoo but not wholly produced in the exporting Percentage of Indonesia-Pakistan|

‘arty which were produced in conformity with the provisions ofPTA cumulative content, example|
8 (iii) above

il
{a Products comply with the Product Specific Rules frsee

Box 9: Gross weight in Kilos should be shown here. Other units of measurement ¢.g. volume or number of items
which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary; the FOB value shall be the invoiced
value declared by exporter to the issuing authority.

Box 10: Invoice number and date of invoices should be shown here. 5

Box 11: Issued retrospectively, Customer's Order Number, Letter of Credit Number, etc. may be included, if

required,

The field must be completed, signed and dated by the exporter. Insert the place and date of signature.

‘The field must be completed, signed, dated and stamped by the authorized person of the certifying authority,

www.peraturan.go.id
