-55- 2019, No.95

OVERLEAF NOTES

4. Parties which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatment under the ASEAN-CHINA Free Trade Area Preferential Tariff:

BRUNEI DARUSSALAM CAMBODIA CHINA
INDONESIA LAOS MALAYSIA
MYANMAR PHILIPPINES SINGAPORE
THAILAND VIETNAM

2. CONDITIONS: The main conditions for admission to the preferential treatment under the ACFTA Preferential Tariff are that products sent to
any Parties listed above:

(i) must fall within a dasoription of products oligible for concessions in the country of destination;

(ii) must comply with the consignment conditions that the products must be consigned directly from any ACFTA Party to the importing
Parly but transport that involves passing through one or more intermediale non-ACFTA Parties, is also accepted provided that any
intermediate transit, transshipment or temporary storage arises only for geographic reasons or transportation requirements; and

(ill) must comply with the origin criteria given in the next paragraph.

3. ORIGIN CRITERIA: For exports to the above mentioned countries to be eligible for preferential treatment, the requirement is that either:
(i) The products wholly obtained in the exporting Party as defined in Rule 3 of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA;

(ii) Subject to sub-paragraph (i) above, for the purpose of implementing the provisions of Rule 2 (b) of the Rules of Origin for the
ACFTA, products worked on and processed as a result of which the total value of the materials, parts or produce originating from
non-ACFTA Parties or of undetermined origin used does not exceed 60% of the FOB value of the product produced or obtained
and the final process of the manufacture is. performed within territory of the exporting Party;

(iil) Procucts which comply with origin requirements provided for in Rule 2 of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA and which are used in a
Party as inputs for a finished product eligible for preferential treatment in another Party!Parties shall be considered as a product
‘originating in the Party where working or processing of the finished product has taken place provided that the aggregate ACFTA
content of the final product is not less than 40%; or

(iv) Products which satisfy the Product Specific Rules provided for in Attachment B of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA shall be considered
as products to which sufficient transformation has been cerried out ina Party.

If the products qualify under the above criteria, the exporter must indicate in Box 8 of this form the origin criteria on the basis of which he

claims that his products qualify for preferential treatment, in the manner shown in the following table:

Circumstances of production or manufacture in the first country named in Box 11 of this form | Insert in Box 8

(a) Products wholly produced in the country of exportation (see paragraph 3 (I) above) “wo"

(b) Products worked upon but not wholly produced in the exporting Party which were Percentage of single country
produced in conformity with the provisions of paragraah 3 (ji) above content, example 40%

(©) Products worked upon but not wholly produced in the exporting Parly which were Percentage of ACFTA cumulative
produced in conformity with the provisions of paragraph 3 (ji) above content, exemple 40%

(d) Products satisfied the Product Specific Rules (PSR) “PSR”

4. EACH ARTICLE MUST QUALIFY: It should be noted that all the products in a consignment must qualify separately in their own right. This is
of particular relevance when similar articles of different sizes or spare parts are sent.

DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCTS: The description of products must be sufficiently detailed to enable the products to be identified by the
Customs Officers examining them. Name of manufacturer, any trade mark shalll also be specified.

6. The Harmonisec System number shall be that of the importing Party.

7. The term "Exporter" in Box 11 may include the manufacturer cr the producer. In the case of MC the term “Exporter” also includes the
‘exporter in the intermediate Party.

8, FOR OFFICIAL USE: The Customs Authority of the importing Party must indicate (V) in the relevant boxes in column 4 whether or not
preferential treatment is accorded.

2

Movement Certificate: In cases of Movement Certificate, in accordance with Rule 12 of the Operational Certification Procedures, “Movement
Certificate” in Box 13 should be ticked (V) . The name of original Issuing Authorities of the Party, date of the issuance and the reference
number of the original Certificate of Origin (Form E) to be indicated in Box 13.

10. THIRD PARTY INVOICING: In cases where invoices are Issued by a thiré country, “the Third Party Invoicing” in Box 13 shall be ticked ()
The invoice number shell be indicated In Box 10. Information such as 1ame and country of the company issuing the invoice shall be
indicated in Box 7.

11. EXHIBITIONS: in cases where products are sent from the exporting Party for exhibition in another Party anc sold during or after the
exhibition for importation into a Party, in accordance with Rule 22 of Attachment A of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA, the “Exhibitions” in
Box 13 should be ticked (Vv) and the name and address of the exhibition indicated in Box 2.

12. ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In exceptional cases, due to involuntary errors or omissions or other valid causes, the Certificate of Origin (Form E)
may be issued retroactively in accordance wth Rule 11 of Attachment A of the Rules of Origin for the ACFTA. The ‘Issued Retroactively” in
Box 13 shall be ticked (/)

www.peraturan.go.id
