-87- 2019, No.95

Parties which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatment under the Agreement between the Republic
of Indonesia and Japan for an Economic Partnership (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement”) are Indonesia and
Japan.

FE te preserertial tnt tesirrert under the Agreement are that the goods exparted to Indonesia or Japan

Srey a cn te Saree a kn es Lin ni Japan:

RRO

Preference criteria:
A. The good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the Party, as defined in paragraph 2 of Article 29.
B tered acre eben mene doen eh en eta

C The the product specific rules in Annex 2. as well as all other applicable requirements of Chapter

Instructions for certificate of origin:
For the purposes cf cisiring preferential af trestment the document shad be competed andin ful by the
or 8s aulbclices coert are carted by the competent gavermyartl auhwxiy or hip atid enol torn eas

the fit
becnreeeet i oe no longer valid, if itis Ayal | ail

If the space of this document 5s insufficient Sy astatininine for the goods and other related
Samnieern steams information vary exter oes 1A nbutonse wey
Scena Pe ee Gnd osrthosted by Fe

Field 1: State the full name, address and country of the exporter.

Field 2: Seats Be Al near, ekbees rel ony .. As defined in subparagraph (f) of Araoie 28, “importer”
means 3 person who imports 3 good into’ Sree Pay Gio Pe conigean ate datos tonpomicny

Field 3: Provide the name of loading port, tansit port and discharging port and, the name of vessel / flight number, as far as

Field 4: Provide item number (as necessary), numbers of packages, number and kind of packages, HS tart
dassifestion number fh aplep iy en 2002 and description of each good consigned.
a ei eA ect rete i
on the certificate of origin should be substantially identical to the description on the invoice
aad tponbe oie under the HS for the good.
With respect to subheading 2103.90, 2208.90, 4901.20 and 4801.91, in an exceptional case where the sa

rstert and such
Se CS oe eee cuny Igusa goods), descrpiion
pis thinta san joontg rind (lepetm Slice abbas lair endorsed phclagre—d ‘non-Partes which
ee Httecr roma wien Tneicaind (f guch malerials were usad evthe preduckon of fie good).

Field 5: For each good, state through C under Preference Criteria above) is applicable. The
Scere mecubarntts Charla Seed areece

Note: In order to be entitled to preferential tariff treatment each good of a Party should meet at least one of the crteria
given.

Indicate “ACU” for accumulation, “DIMI” for de minimis and “FGM for fungible goods or materials, if applicable.

Field 6: For each good, indioste the quantity or weight.

Field 7: its ce ae id ie ev ect Goo The invoice should be the one issued for the importation of the
(good into the importing Party.
ifthe invoice is issued by a person different from the exporter to whom the certificate of ongin is issued and the,

In an exceptional case where the number of the invoice issued in a non-Party is not known at the time of issuance of
‘the certificate of ee sarge, oe ae eee ma OL ‘to whorn the certificate of
be rdesed | should be indicated in held & (it apg ET a

the Party,

fre

www.peraturan.go.id
