-139- 2019, No.95

OVERLEAF NOTES

1. Japan uses this form for the purpose of preferential tariff treatment under the Agreement on Comprehensive
Economic Partnership among Japan and Member States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (AJCEP
Agreement).

2, CONDITIONS: To enjoy preferential tariff treatment under the AJCEP Agreement, goods exported to any Party of the

AJCEP Agreement should:

(0) fall within a description of goods eligible for concessions in the importing Party;

(ii) comply with the consignment conditions in accordance with Article 31 of Chapter 3; and
(iii) comply with the preference criteria provided for in Chapter 3 of the AJCEP Agreement.

3. PREFERENCE CRITERIA: For goods that meet the preference criteria, the exporter or its authorised agent should
indicate in box 6 of this form, the preference criteria met, in the manner shown in the following table:

Circumstances of production or manufacture in the country named in box | Insert in box 6
10 of this form
(a) Goods satisfying subparagraph (c) of Article 24 of Chapter 3 “PE
(b) Wholly obtained goods satisfying Article 25 of Chapter 3 “wor
(c) Goods satisfying paragraph 1 of Article 26 of Chapter 3 “CTH’ or
“RVC”

(4) Goods satisfying paragraph 2 of Article 26 of Chapter 3

- Change in Tariff Classification “TC”

- Regional Value Content “RVC”

- Specific Processes “sP"
Also, exporters should indicate the following where applicable:
(e) Should goods comply with Article 28 of Chapter 3 “DMr’
(f) Should goods comply with Article 29 of Chapter 3 “ACU”

4. EACH ITEM SHOULD QUALIFY: All items in a consignment should qualify separately in their own right. This is of
particular relevance when similar items of different sizes are exported.

5. DESCRIPTION OF GOODS: For each good, the HS tariff classification number of the importing Party should be
indicated at the six-digit level. The description of the good on a certificate of origin should be substantially identical to
the description on the invoice and, if possible, to the description under the HS for the good. With respect to
subheading 2208.90 and 9404.90, in an exceptional case where the good is a specific product requiring a special
description (e.g. “sake compound and cooking sake (Mirin) of subheading 2208.90”, “beverages with a basis of fruit,
of an alcoholic strength by volume of less than 1% of subheading 2208.90" “quilts and eiderdowns of 9404.90"), such
description of specific products should be indicated.

6. INVOICES: Indicate the invoice number and date for each item. The invoice should be the one issued for the
importation of the good into the importing Party.

7. THIRD COUNTRY INVOICING: In cases where invoices are issued by a third country, in accordance with Rule 3 (d)
of Implementing Regulations, the “Third Country Invoicing” box in box 9 should be ticked (y) and the number of
invoice issued for the importation of goods into the importing Party should be indicated in box 8, identifying in box 9
the full legal name and address of the company or person that issued the invoice.

In an exceptional case where the invoice issued in a third country is not available at the time of issuance of the
certificate of origin, the invoice number and the date of the invoice issued by the exporter to whom the certificate of
origin is issued should be indicated in box 8. The “Third Country Invoicing” box in box 9 should be ticked (v), and it
should be indicated in box 9 that the goods will be subject to another invoice to be issued in a third country for the
importation into the importing Party, identifying in box 9 the full legal name and address of the company or person
that will issue another invoice in the third country. In such case, the customs authority of the importing Party may
require the importer to provide the invoices and any other relevant documents which confirm the transaction from the
exporting Party to the importing Party, with regard to the goods declared for import.

8, ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In cases of COs issued retroactively in accordance with Rule 7 of the Implementing
Regulations, the “Issued Retroactively” box in box 9 should be ticked (V).

www.peraturan.go.id
