- 33 -

OVERLEAF NOTES

1. Parties which accept this form for purpose of preferential tariff treatment under the
KOREA-INDONESIA Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (KICEPA) are
REPUBLIC OF KOREA and REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA.

2. CONDITIONS: To enjoy preferential tariff treatment under the KICEPA, goods sent to a
Party listed above:

() must fall within a description of goods eligible for concessions in the importing

Party;

(ii) must comply with the consignment conditions in accordance with Article 3.9 (Direct
Consignment); and

(ii) must comply with the origin criteria in Chapter 3 (Rules of Origin and Origin
Procedures).

Reference No.: Serial number of Certificate of Origin assigned by the issuing body.
Box 1 : State the full legal name and address (including country) of the exporter.
Box 2 : State the full legal name and address (including country) of the importer.

Box 3 : Complete the means of transport and route and specify the departure date, transport
vehicle No., port of loading, and port of discharge.

Box 4 : Any additional information may be included. However, in the following conditions, the
remarks shall be as follows:

A good is invoiced by a non-Party | “NON-PARTY INVOICING” and
operator indicating the full legal name and
country of the operator that issues the
invoice

“ISSUED RETROACTIVELY”

A Certificate of Origin is issued
retroactiveh
A Certified true copy is issued

“CERTIFIED TRUE COPY”

Box 5 : State the serial number.

Box 6 : Provide a full description of each good. The description should be sufficiently detailed
to enable the goods to be identified by the Customs Officers examining them and
relate them to the invoice description. The number and kind of packages, and
quantity shall be specified. If the goods are not packed, state “IN BULK”.

Box 7 : For each good described in Box 6, identify HS Code to six digits. The HS Code shall
be that of the importing Party.

Box 8 : The exporter must indicate in Box 8 the origin criteria on the basis of which he
claims that the goods qualify for preferential tariff treatment, in the manner shown in
the following table:

Origin Criterion Insert in box 8

(a) Goods wholly obtained or produced
entirely in the territory of the “WO”
exporting Party

(b) Goods produced entirely in the
territory of
the exporting party exclusively from
materials whose origin conforms to “PE”
Chapter
3 (Rules of Origin and Origin
Procedures).

jdih.kemenkeu.go.id
